# InfoTrack Search

This project was generated with .Net 8 and Angular CLI version 18.2.17.
It is an ASP.NET Core application

### Modules
I separated the projects in different modules:


- **Controllers:** Where the Rest API is communicating with the Angular APP.
- **DomainModel:** Where the Models are.
- **Services:** Where the bussiness logic is suppouse to happen. In this case, counting how many repetitions there is.
- **ServiceWrapper:** This is a wrapper between the GoogleApi (url search) and the bussiness logic, we could change to call another API here. There is also a wrapper for an HtmlHelper.

### How to run:
Open it on Visual Studio. Just hit start (F5) and it will  display the whole. Make sure you ahve the Angular CLI version installed.


### Problems encontered and decitions taken:
I found some problems mayor problems with the requirements and made my decitions base on this:

1. The Url https://www.google.co.uk/search is having trouble returning the proper html that we would expect, as google block this request and actually ask to use the API on this cases. I try bing and it was working, so CORS was not the problem.
2. The HTML generated by google was to complex to not use a third party library (to many random ids and a lot of nexted divs), creating the regex structure to query the html was going to be to complex.

The dection taken were as follows:
1. I did not manage to query google, unfortunatly this cause for myself to actually have to paste an HTML of the website we need to search. The filename is files/googlesearch.html. If from your side you can return google, please comment line 17 on GoogleApi under the infoTrack.ServiceWrapper module.
2. To manage to get something on the project to give I decide to install HtmlAgilityPack. 



